Hello and welcome to this section of the course.
This is gonna be a really exciting section where we focus on sculpting and hair particle systems.
We're gonna create a couple of things.
First of all, spend some time sculpting a head, working on the eyes and the nose and the ears, and
then putting some hair on that head.
And then we are going to transition into creating an animal.
I'll be creating a cat that started off being a really cool black cat, but ended up being a little
bit of a chubby, messy ginger cat.
But I'm pretty happy with it.
We're also going to be looking at using the hair particle system to create grass and how we can create
different sort of grass with transparency.
So lots of sculpting, lots of hair, particle system in this section.
Lots of practice of both of those things over and over to get you really good at it.
So let's jump in and get started.